The President:
On Tuesday, in my State
of the Union Address,
I laid out a blueprint for
an economy built to last --
an economy built on American
manufacturing, American energy,
skills for American workers, and
a renewal of American values.
This week, I took that
blueprint across the country,
and what I saw was people
who work hard and believe in
each other.
They believe in the America
that's within our reach.
But they're not sure that the
right thing will get done in
Washington this year, or next
year, or the year after that.
And frankly, when you look at
some of the things that go on in
this town, who could blame them
for being a little cynical?
Just two days ago, a senator
promised to obstruct every
single American I appoint to a
judgeship or a public service
position -- unless I fire the
consumer watchdog I put in place
to protect the American
people from financial schemes
or malpractice.
For the most part, it's not
that this senator thinks these
nominees are unqualified.
In fact, all of the judicial
nominees being blocked have
bipartisan support.
And almost 90% have
unanimous support from the
Judiciary Committee.
Instead, one of the senator's
aides told reporters that the
senator plans to,
and I'm quoting here,
"delay and slow the
process in order to get the
President's attention."
Well, this isn't about me.
We weren't sent here to wage
perpetual political campaigns
against each other.
We were sent here to
serve the American people.
And they deserve better
than gridlock and games.
One senator gumming up the whole
works for the entire country is
certainly not what our
founding fathers envisioned.
The truth is, neither
party has been blameless in
tactics like these.
But it's time for both
parties to put an end to them.
I'm asking Congress, both
Democrats and Republicans,
to stop this kind of behavior by
passing a rule that allows all
judicial and public service
nominations a simple up-or-down
vote within 90 days.
We should also stem the
corrosive influence of money
in politics.
The House and Senate should
send me a bill that bans insider
trading by Members of Congress,
and I will sign it immediately.
They should limit any elected
official from owning stocks in
industries they impact.
And they should make sure
people who bundle campaign
contributions for Congress can't
lobby Congress, and vice versa.
During my Address
on Tuesday night,
I spoke about the incredible
example set by the men and women
of our armed forces.
At a time when too many of our
institutions have let us down,
they exceed all expectations.
They're not consumed
with personal ambition.
They don't obsess over
their differences.
They focus on the
mission at hand.
They work together.
If you agree with me that
leaders in Washington should
follow their example, then
make your voice heard.
Tell your Member of Congress
that it's time to end the
gridlock, and start tackling
the issues that really matter --
an economy built on American
manufacturing, American energy,
American skills and education,
and a return to American values.
An economy built to last.
Thanks.
God bless you, and
have a great weekend.